update install guide to inject binaries for argcomplete, fixes #184 (#185)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/installation_guide/intro_installation.rst

.. code-block:: console

>     $ pipx inject --include-binaries ansible argcomplete

Reviewer: `--include-binaries` doesn't exist. I think you want `--include-apps`.

Author: Oh I see. Thank you for catching that. Looks like this is dependent on the version of `pipx` unfortunately, and I was working off Ubuntu 20.04 which ships an older version of pipx. `--include-binaries` was replaced in 0.14.0.0 by `--include-apps`.

I will update.

Reviewer: You switched the wrong line. `pipx install --include-deps ansible` was correct. `pipx inject --include-binaries ansible argcomplete` was not.

Author: Oh dear, that is quite embarrassing!

 I'm sorry, I think I need to get some more tea this morning.

    $ pipx inject ansible argcomplete

> If the additional python dependency needed includes commands that need to be executed on their own from the shell, `--include-apps` should be included to make those commands accessible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Include the ``--include-apps`` option to make apps in the additional python dependency available on your PATH. This allows you to execute commands for those apps from the shell.
```

> If the additional python dependency needed includes commands that need to be executed on their own from the shell, `--include-apps` should be included to make those commands accessible.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the additional python dependency needed includes commands that need to be executed on their own from the shell, ``--include-apps`` should be included to make those commands accessible.
```
